README.md, before:

[![mmoMinecraft][Project Logo]][Website]

What is mmoMinecraft?
---------------------
mmoMinecraft is an attempt to make an easy to configure and use suite of MMORPG related plugins for Spout and CraftBukkit based Minecarft servers.Server admin can install exactly which plugins they need
knowing that they won't interfere with each other, and that they aren't forced to have a feature they don't want in order to gain a feature they do want.

Copyright &copy; 2011, mmoMinecraftDev <[Website]>
mmoMinecraft is licensed under [GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 3][License]

[![Donate to the mmoMinecraft suite][Donate Logo]][Donate]

Source
------
The latest and greatest source can be found on [GitHub].
Download the latest builds on [Files].
View the latest build status on [Jenkins].
View the latest [Javadoc].

Compiling
---------
All mmoMinecraft projects use Maven to handle their dependencies.

This requires Bukkit and other libraries (preferrably the latest version or source).
* Install [Maven 2 or 3](http://maven.apache.org/download.html)
* Checkout this repo and run: `mvn clean package`

Coding and Pull Request Formatting
----------------------------------
* Generally follow the Oracle coding standards.
* Use tabs, no spaces.
* No 80 column limit or midstatement newlines.
* Pull requests must compile and work.
* Pull requests must be formatted properly.

**Please follow the above conventions if you want your pull request(s) accepted.**

[Project Logo]: http://mmo.me.uk/images/mmoMinecraft.png
[License]: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
[Website]: http://mmo.me.uk/
[GitHub]: https://github.com/mmoMinecraftDev/
[Javadoc]: http://jd.mmo.me.uk/
[Files]: http://files.mmo.me.uk/
[Jenkins]: http://ci.mmo.me.uk/
[Donate]: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?hosted_button_id=ECAE2696RB724&item_name=mmoMinecraft+donation+%28from+github.com%29&cmd=_s-xclick
[Donate Logo]: http://www.paypalobjects.com/en_GB/i/btn/btn_donate_SM.gif

Commit message:

Updated pom.xml, readme, plugin.yml, and added header.txt. Added automatic license header checking and formatting. Formatted headers to be project specific. A little bit more formatting on misc files.

README.md, after:

[![mmoMinecraft][Project Logo]][Website]

What is mmoMinecraft?
---------------------
mmoMinecraft is an easy to configure and use suite of MMORPG related plugins for SpoutPlugin and Bukkit-based Minecraft servers. Server admin can install exactly which plugins they need knowing that they won't interfere with each other, and that they aren't forced into features they don't want.

Copyright (c) 2011-2012, mmoMinecraftDev <[http://mmo.me.uk/][Website]>

mmoMinecraft is licensed under [GNU General Public License Version 3][License]

[![Donate to the mmoMinecraft project][Donate Logo]][Donate]

Source
------
The latest and greatest source can be found on [GitHub].  
Download the latest builds from [Jenkins].

Compiling
---------
All mmoMinecraft projects use Maven to handle their dependencies.

* Install [Maven 2 or 3](http://maven.apache.org/download.html)
* Checkout this repo and run: `mvn clean package`

Coding and Pull Request Formatting
----------------------------------
* Generally follow the Oracle coding standards.
* Use tabs, no spaces.
* No 80 column limit or midstatement newlines.
* Pull requests must compile and work.
* Pull requests must be formatted properly.

**Please follow the above conventions if you want your pull request(s) accepted.**

[Project Logo]: http://mmo.me.uk/images/mmoMinecraft.png
[License]: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
[Website]: http://mmo.me.uk
[Forums]: http://forums.spout.org
[GitHub]: https://github.com/mmoMinecraftDev/mmoTarget
[Javadoc]: http://jd.mmo.me.uk
[Files]: http://files.mmo.me.uk
[Jenkins]: http://build.spout.org/job/mmoTarget
[Donate]: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?hosted_button_id=ECAE2696RB724&item_name=mmoMinecraft+donation+%28from+github.com%29&cmd=_s-xclick
[Donate Logo]: http://www.paypalobjects.com/en_GB/i/btn/btn_donate_SM.gif
